[Music]
think about it we've sent satellites
beyond our solar system we've walked on
the moon and will soon do the same on
Mars but we've missed one important task
and it'll take a bright mind like yours
to make it happen what if we swam on the
moon all right
near future you were born in an era of
technological advancement and ingenious
creativity
you've become a smart entrepreneur but
there's one problem so has everyone else
in this society on future earth any
possible innovation has already been
made a reality 60 printers dream
recording devices augmented reality
lenses that turn your living room into
the movie you're watching or the game
you're playing if you're going to keep
up you need a brilliant idea you go for
a sail in your yacht to get some quiet
thinking time that's when inspiration
comes from an unexpected source
dolphins wouldn't it be cool if people
could jump out of the water like that
you put aside fantasies and think about
this question more realistically what
does a person need motorized flippers to
increase the swimming speed nah it's
inconvenient and inefficient they depend
on some kind of fuel you look at the sky
and that's when ingenuity strikes
gravity if there were less you should be
able to jump higher out of the water at
this moment you decide to build the
first-ever pool on the moon could it
work how different would lunar swimming
be aha you must find out as fate would
have it the rest of society has started
looking into the Stars as well
space tourism kicks off around this time
flights to the moon with panoramic
windows movies in space now hiring for
lunar construction projects you need to
make this dream a reality or someone's
going to take it from you here's the
plan get your business name and
Trademark moon splash ink how's that
sound
well it's a work in progress take the
next spaceship to the moon and
by a plot of land the pool needs to
feature a beautiful view of Earth and
the starry sky next construct a seal
building you need oxygen inside but you
still want lunar gravity otherwise your
new idea of Moon swimming will just turn
into earth swimming and that's not fun
or fresh the walls must be transparent
like a giant bubble oxygen gravity water
did you miss anything how temperature
there's almost no atmosphere here so
energy from the Sun hits the surface
with full force temperatures can range
from minus 280 degrees at night to plus
260 degrees during the day it would
freeze and evaporate all the pool water
instantly install AC and central heating
got it
fill the pools hire staff final touches
after a few months
moon splash is up and running before you
start inviting guests there's one last
but most important thing to do test it
yourself you come inside the giant
sphere and remove your spacesuit you
take a deep breath oxygens working
temperature feels good the view of the
earth is magnificent it's like a ball
popping out of an ocean of black now the
moment of truth 3 2 1
you run to the pool in slow motion and
jump Wow
you go way up about ten feet in the air
the gravity remember you think to
yourself install a safety net near the
ceiling just in case you hang for a few
seconds before coming back down here we
go splash hmm in the water there's
nothing too special it feels like you
jumped into a swimming pool on earth
physics can't explain it how you float
in the water depends only on your body's
density compared to the waters not on
gravitational force it's why whales can
get so massive they don't have to hold
themselves up against gravity you come
to the surface and what you see is
amazing
the water drops from your epic lunar
splash are still in the air the low
gravity doesn't pull them down
immediately like on earth now time for
the real test the whole reason you came
up with the idea in the first place
will you leap from the water like a
dolphin you dive again swim to the
bottom and push off it with all the
strength in your legs you jump out of
the water and go about three feet in the
air cool now let's try it with flippers
well whoa whoa whoa
too high mental note do not forget
sealing safety net you get out of the
pool to write down all your thoughts and
to-do list that's when you notice the
water seems to stay stuck on you gravity
doesn't pull the drops down so they
don't trickle off like on earth note
we'll need lots of towels moon gravity
sure is something here it's only
one-sixth of Earth's gravity you can
jump six times higher throw any object
six times further and you weigh six
times less which makes you wonder could
you run on the water you try it with
your bare feet nope didn't work then you
put your flippers on get a good running
start and you're a basket list lizard
it's official this is a great idea and
it'll be a booming
this time to open her up to the public
just as you predicted moon splash is a
major success you open several more
pools within the following year
thousands of people want to feel like
dolphins and water lizards but of course
competitors have also started opening
their own moon pools their bigger better
and more luxurious so you need to stay
ahead of this curve the answer comes to
you naturally sport people are
competitive by nature they love watching
others compete it's perfect
you'll start with reverse high diving
you install a special springboard on the
bottom of the pool so an athlete can
better push off from it you build a high
tower at the poolside an athlete must
jump out of the water to reach it the
higher they reach on the tower and the
smaller the splash they produce when
they do come back down the more points
they get they also do acrobatic tricks
on the way up before you know it you've
hired trainers recruited potential
champions got all the necessary
equipment competitions follow and soon
the reverse high dive becomes a new
Olympic sport running on water is also
gaining popularity you build long water
paths several feet long athletes run
marathons and special flipper like shoes
but your competitors start pushing you
out yet again they create huge sports
stadiums on the mode your customers
flock to them but you're not gonna give
up you create several other water
entertainment activities moon water polo
lunar saunas water parks moon pool
parties the number of lunar tourists has
increased tenfold now you want something
more like moon splash you decide to
create the first lunar Lake a huge dome
filled with oxygen covers a safari size
plot of land there's a beach the lake of
course cozy cabins restaurants stores
almost perfect but it feels like you're
missing something something beautiful
colorful breathtaking sunrises and
sunsets we enjoy those gorgeous pink
purple and orange hues on earth because
the sun's rays pass through the
molecules in the atmosphere well the
moon has almost no atmosphere so there
aren't any of those color scattering
filters on the bone day/night sunrise
sunset it doesn't matter the sky stays
black that might get old and monotonous
for guests so you engineer the domes
glass to paint the sky during dusk and
dawn you've come full circle you
remember the day you came up with the
idea of moon splash look at you now you
might not be on your yacht in the sea
but sailing on the lunar lake is just as
peaceful and instead of dolphins you
watch people jump out of the water but
there's nervousness hiding behind your
tranquil smile you know your competitors
are always on your tail which means you
need to move on so what's next the
answer comes quickly you decide to build
a new wider Empire on Mars